Jaden:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
IT'S SHOW TIME.
HUH? HEY!
DROP THOSE KEYS!
HMM?
[GASP]
[GRUNT]
AAH!
GIMME THAT!
TOO LATE!
OH, YEAH?
I'LL SHOW YA "TOO LATE!"
[LAUGHING]
ONCE IT STARTS,
THE SATELLITE
CAN'T BE STOPPED!
BEHOLD! MY SATELLITE LASER!
NO WAY!
MY PLAN'S ALREADY BEGUN.
AS SOON AS IT REACHES
FULL POWER,
LIGHT SHALL ENVELOP
YOUR WHOLE PLANET!
AND EVERYONE
WILL WORSHIP ME!
HOLD ON!
I'M NOT FINISHED YET!
[CHUCKLE]
YOU POOR, NAIVE BOY.
YOU WERE FINISHED
BEFORE WE EVEN STARTED DUELING!
IT'S FATE.
I'VE SEEN YOUR FUTURE.
YOU'LL SUFFER
A DEVASTATING LOSS,
AND BECAUSE OF YOU,
EARTH WILL BE REBORN!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Linda: WE'RE TOO LATE!
THE SATELLITE'S ALREADY
BEEN ACTIVATED!
WE HAVE TO STOP IT.
HA HA HA!
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE THE WORLD IS OURS!
MY PRINCE!
HE'LL BE JUST FINE.
BEING POSSESSED
BY ALIENS TENDS TO
WEAR A GUY OUT.
WE GOTTA MOVE ON
AND FOCUS OUR STRENGTH
ON THAT SATELLITE!
WHAT'S THIS?
SAM HILL!
IT SEEMS THE GREAT
DINOSAUR SPIRIT
THAT RESTS WITHIN YOU
HAS FINALLY BEEN AWAKENED.
WELL, I'LL BE
A SON-OF-A T-REX!
YOU MEAN I GOT
AN ACTUAL DINO
INSIDE 'A ME!?
SHAZAM!
I ALWAYS THOUGHT
IT WAS A METAPHOR.
LET'S GO SMASH
SOME SATELLITE!
[ROARING]
YOU MUST LEAVE
YOUR HUMAN FORM BEHIND!
FOLLOW ME!
DYNO-MITE!
HASSLEBERRY?!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT!?
THERE IT IS! DEAD AHEAD!
HERE GOES!
DEMOLITION TIME!
ENOUGH OF YOUR GAMES.
HUH.
IT'S TIME YOU SAW...
THE LIGHT!
[CHUCKLE]
JUST AS I FORETOLD.
THE FUTURE IS MINE!
HA HA HA!
NOW I SUMMON ARCANA FORCE I,
AND I PREDICT IT WILL LAND
RIGHT-SIDE UP!
[CHUCKLE]
YOU SEE? I'M IN CONTROL!
AND YOU...
YOU'RE JUST MY PUPPET!
BUT NOW IT'S TIME
TO CUT YOUR STRINGS!
DIRECT ATTACK!
[GASP]
CARE TO SUBMIT?
NOPE.
YOU HUMANS ARE
AS DIM-WITTED AS YOU LOOK!
[GIGGLES]
THAT SHOULD MAKE
TAKING CONTROL OF YOUR PLANET
ALL THE EASIER!
DREAM ON, SPACE-FREAK!
I ACTIVATE
MY HERO FLASH!
SO I TOSS OUT
HEATED HEART,
EMERGENCY CALL,
RIGHTEOUS JUSTICE,
AND O-OVERSOUL!
NEOS, LOOK!
JADEN NEEDS YOUR HELP!
BE STRONG!
THE FUTURE'S
IN YOUR HANDS!
NOW I SUMMON THIS!
ELEMENTAL HERO...
NEOS!
DUE TO
ARCANA FORCE I's EFFECT,
WHENEVER A SPELL CARD
IS ACTIVATED,
ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
[GIGGLE]
SO YOU'LL BARELY
MAKE A DENT.
NOW ON WITH THE ATTACK!
YEAH,
THAT'S MY PLAN, BRO.
BUT THANKS TO MY SPELL,
I'M NOT ATTACKING
YOUR MONSTER;
I'M ATTACKING YOU!
WHAT?!
NEOS, GO CLEAR UP
HIS CONFUSION!
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU WERE WRONG.
REMEMBER?
YOU SAID I WAS A PUPPET.
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE THE DUMMY!
RIGHT, NEOS?
GET IT?
PUPPET...DUMMY?
OH, YEAH!
GOOD ONE, JAY!
A JOKE'S NOT FUNNY
WHEN YOU HAVE TO EXPLAIN IT.
HUH?
[GRUNT]
YOU'RE FOOLING YOURSELF!
IT'S HOPELESS!
THE FATE OF YOUR PLANET'S
BEEN WRITTEN!
AND IT'S FRAUGHT
WITH DOOM!
NOW WATCH!
I ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL CARD
MAGICIAN'S SCALES!
ARCANA FORCE I,
BE GONE!
SO I CAN ADD A SPELL CARD
TO MY HAND!
AHH.
GO, MATERIAL LORD!
AND THEN SPIRITUAL LORD!
AND FROM MY HAND,
I PLAY SKY LORD!
NOT THIS!
[CHUCKLE]
THAT'S RIGHT!
THIS IS HOW
I DEFEATED YOU, ASTER!
NOW IT'S JADEN'S TURN!
WE'LL SEE.
I SACRIFICE THESE 3
PILLARS OF LIGHT
TO CALL FORTH
THE GREAT CONQUEROR!
BEHOLD,
ARCANA FORCE EXTRA!
THE LIGHT RULER!
THAT'S A WHOLE LOTTA
MONSTER RIGHT THERE.
YEAH, NO JOKE.
YOU SHOULD TRY
GETTING ATTACKED BY IT!
Jaden: LET'S HOPE
HE DOES BETTER
THAN YOU DID!
[GIGGLE]
RIGHT SIDE UP!
SO NOW, THE LIGHT RULER
ATTACKS NEOS!
THE LIGHT IS TOO STRONG!
NEOS! AAH!
AAH!
[GIGGLES]
WE'RE IN THE LINE
OF FIRE, SARGE!
RELAX! WE'RE SAFE.
IT WON'T FIRE
AT A TARGET
THIS CLOSE TO IT.
ROGER!
SO MUCH FOR YOUR THEORY!
[GROAN]
SOMETHING WRONG,
SARGE?
IT'S NEOS.
SOMEHOW THE BOND
BETWEEN US
HAS BEEN BROKEN.
HEY, YOU!
SKIDADDLE!
IT AIN'T POLITE
TO POINT!
GET UP!
EASIER SAID THAN DONE,
SYRUS.
THANKS TO THE LIGHT RULER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
A CARD RETURNS
FROM MY GRAVE!
IF YOU COULD STAND,
IT WOULD BE YOUR TURN NOW.
INCOMING!
THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE!
WHERE'D YA GO!?
QUIT KIDDIN' AROUND,
SARGE!
[CHUCKLE]
WHAT WAS THAT?
YOU NEED MORE TIME?
TOO BAD!
THAT'S A LUXURY
WE DON'T HAVE!
IT'S OVER.
BEFORE LONG,
THE ENTIRE WORLD--
CORRECTION--THE UNIVERSE--
WILL JOIN ME
AS WE ALL BASK IN
THE ETERNAL GLORY
OF THE LIGHT!
[LAUGHING]
LOOKS LIKE IT'S GAME OVER!
IT CAN'T BE!
JADEN!
DON'T GIVE UP!
Neos: JADEN!
CAN YOU HEAR ME!?
WE TRIED,
BUT I'M AFRAID
WE COULDN'T DISMANTLE
THE SATELLITE.
WE NEED YOU.
YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN STOP IT!
[THINKING]
I THINK YOU GOT
THE WRONG GUY.
NO.
YOU'RE THE CHOSEN DUELIST.
NOW CONCENTRATE,
AND YOU'LL KNOW WHAT TO DO.
I JUST NEEDED ME
A LITTLE POWER NAP,
THAT'S ALL.
AND IT WORKED,
'CAUSE I'VE GOT
ALL THE POWER I NEED!
SORRY, BRO!
BUT THIS GAME...IS ON!
I ACTIVATE...
MY FIFTH HOPE SPELL CARD!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS!
FIRST,
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I GET 5
ELEMENTAL HERO CARDS!
THEN I ADD 'EM ALL
TO MY DECK AND SHUFFLE.
NEXT, I DRAW 3 CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
SWEET!
I ACTIVATE...NEO SPACE!
HA HA HA!
JUST LOOK.
MY SATELLITE IS ARMED
AND READY TO FIRE!
EVEN IF YOU MANAGE TO WIN,
THE EARTH
WILL STILL BELONG TO ME!
NOT ON MY WATCH!
I ACTIVATE...
MY SILENT DOOM CARD!
THIS LETS ME BRING NEOS
BACK FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
SO COME ON OUT!
NEXT...
I SUMMON NEO-SPACIAN
GRAND MOLE!
AND NOW...
MERGE TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
GRAND NEOS!
ONE MORE THING!
SINCE WE'RE IN NEO SPACE,
GRAND NEOS
GETS HOOKED UP
WITH 500 EXTRA POINTS!
GOOD WORK,
BUT NOT QUITE GOOD ENOUGH.
OH, YA KNOW WHAT?
WHEN I SAID
ONE MORE THING,
I MEANT TWO!
YOUR LIGHT RULER
GETS SENT BACK
TO YOUR HAND.
AAH!
AWESOME!
HE JUST LOST
HIS LAST LINE OF DEFENSE!
SO JADEN'S MONSTER
CAN ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
AH! NICE TRY.
I PLAY
REVERSAL OF FATE!
WITH THIS TRAP,
I CAN REVERSE THE DIRECTION
OF MY LIGHT RULER,
UNLOCKING
ITS OTHER EFFECT!
NO WAY!
I'VE FORESEEN
THIS ENTIRE DUEL!
SO I KNOW YOUR MOVES
BEFORE YOU MAKE THEM!
AND MY MONSTER'S
NEW ABILITY
CANCELS OUT
THE SPECIAL EFFECT
OF YOUR MONSTER!
ALL HE NEEDS TO DO
IS GIVE UP A THOUSAND POINTS,
AND MY LIGHT RULER STAYS!
NOW YOU DRAW!
BUT DON'T FORGET,
I CAN SEE ALL!
LIGHT RULER, ATTACK!
UNH!
AW, MAN!
THIS PSYCHO
REALLY IS A PSYCHIC!
HE SHOULD BE
PLAYING THE LOTTERY,
NOT DESTROYING
THE WORLD!
HA HA HA!
THE END DRAWS NEAR!
NOW OBSERVE THE FATE
OF YOUR PEOPLE!
WITH THE HELP OF
THAT SATELLITE,
YOUR WORLD
AND ALL THE PLANETS BEYOND
WILL SEE THE LIGHT!
AND LIFE WILL BEGIN AGAIN.
BUT THIS TIME,
ALL CREATURES
WILL BOW DOWN TO ME!
WHERE ARE YOUR NEO-SPACIAN
FRIENDS NOW?!
LOOK, BRO.
JUST BECAUSE YOU DON'T
HAVE ANY FRIENDS
DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I DON'T!
IN FACT,
I'M CLOSER TO THEM
THAN YOU COULD EVER
UNDERSTAND!
I CREATED THOSE CARDS
WHEN I WAS A KID,
AND THEY WOULD NEVER
DESERT ME!
AND TO PROVE IT,
I PLAY REVERSE OF NEOS!
HOW 'BOUT THAT?!
IT CAN'T BE!
I DIDN'T PREDICT THIS!
[GROWL]
MAYBE YOU DON'T
KNOW AS MUCH
AS YOU THINK YOU KNOW.
AND I THINK
I KNOW WHAT YOU KNOW!
YA KNOW?
OK, THAT SOUNDED
A LOT BETTER IN MY HEAD.
FIRST THINGS FIRST,
NEOS!
GO! DISMANTLE
THAT SATELLITE!
I THOUGHT
YOU'D NEVER ASK!
HOWDY.
YOU READY?
ALWAYS!
YOU'RE ALL TOO LATE.
FATE IS ALWAYS A STEP AHEAD.
NOW KEEP YOUR EYES
ON THE LIGHT!
Sarina: STO-O-OP!
I'M IN CONTROL OF
THIS SATELLITE NOW!
THAT VOICE.
IT SOUNDS FAMILIAR.
[GASP]
NO!
WHAT'S UP?
SARINA!?
YOU MUST HURRY.
MY POWER WON'T LAST LONG.
I UPLOADED MYSELF
TO THE SATELLITE'S
CENTRAL COMPUTER.
MY SIGNAL IS WEAK.
SO YOU MUST DESTROY IT NOW!
[GASP]
STOP!
THE FIRST STRIKE
IS YOURS!
AAH!
THAR SHE BLOWS!
NOW THAT THE SATELLITE'S
DESTROYED,
THERE'S ONLY ONE THING
LEFT TO DO!
RESCUE MY BROTHER!
RIGHT ON!
CONSIDER HIM RESCUED!
AWESOME!
YOU SEEM SURPRISED.
DIDN'T YOU SEE
THIS COMING?
OR HAVE YOU
LOST YOUR TOUCH?
[CHUCKLE]
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO'S LOST!
YOUR HERO'S NOT STRONG ENOUGH
TO STOP MY LIGHT RULER!
BUT WE'RE IN NEO SPACE!
SO HE GAINS 500 POINTS!
NO!
'FRAID SO!
OH, AND BECAUSE
HE WAS SUMMONED
WITH MY REVERSE OF NEOS
SPELL CARD,
HE GETS ANOTHER
THOUSAND POINTS!
WHAT!? WAIT!
HEY, NEOS!
LET'S SAVE THE UNIVERSE,
SHALL WE!?
PUNCH HIS LIGHTS OUT,
AND END THIS DUEL!
HUH.
[SCREAMING]
[ROAR]
BROTHER?
WHAT? WHO'S THERE?
SARTORIUS,
IT'S ME, SARINA!
I KNOW.
BUT I THOUGHT...
FAREWELL.
WE'LL MEET AGAIN.
NEOS!
YOU, LIKE, TOTALLY
SAVED THE UNIVERSE, MAN!
NO, JADEN.
YOU "LIKE, TOTALLY
SAVED" THE UNIVERSE.
ON BEHALF OF
THE INHABITANTS
OF NEO-SPACE,
THANK YOU!
[ROAR]
OOH.
HEY, WHAT HAPPENED?
WHERE'D OUTER SPACE GO?
Blair: TAKE THIS,
YA MUCUS MEMBRANE!
[SCREAMING]
NOW MY SPIKE EGG
TAKES A CRACK
AT YOUR LIFE POINTS!
AND THAT'S NO YOLK!
EGG-CELLENT!
SHE'S NOT HALF BAD.
YES, OUI, OUI.
THIS IS NO TIME
FOR A BATHROOM BREAK!
HE'S RIGHT.
WE'RE ON THE VERGE
OF CROWNING A CHAMPION!
Chazz:
TIME TO CHAZZ IT UP!
AND I'LL START
WITH POT OF GREED!
SO I DRAW TWO CARDS.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
MY OJAMANDALA SPELL CARD!
SO I PAY A GRAND
IN ORDER TO BRING BACK
YOU KNOW WHO!
YAY!
WHOO!
[GRUNT]
FREE AT LAST!
NEXT UP, I ACTIVATE
OJAMA HURRICANE!
[YELLING]
AAH!
ALL MY MONSTERS!
THEY'RE GONE!
HEH HEH HEH!
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE ABOUT TO JOIN THEM!
NOT QUITE, CHAZZ-BALL!
YOUR OJAMAS WON'T EVEN
MAKE A SCRATCH!
TRUE.
THAT'S WHY I'M PLAYING
SHIELD ATTACK.
[GASP]
WITH THIS SPELL,
I CAN SWAP THE ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
OF ANY MONSTER I WANT!
AND I CHOOSE OJAMA YELLOW!
GO GET HER!
DIRECT ATTACK!
[GASP]
BUT WAIT!
DID YOU SAY "BUTT!?"
[GIGGLING]
NO!
I LOST.
NO BUTTS ABOUT IT!
WHY DO I ALWAYS SEEM
TO END UP BEHIND?
NO PUN INTENDED.
LESSON ONE...
HUH?
WINNING OR LOSING
DOESN'T MATTER,
AS LONG AS YA HAD FUN.
THAT'S SOME FREE
UPPERCLASSMAN ADVICE.
THAT WAS SO DEEP.
SO WISE!
WASN'T IT JADEN
WHO TAUGHT YOU THAT?
PLAGIARIST!
POSER!
JADEN? OF COURSE!
HE'S THE DREAMIEST!
[GROAN]
Sheppard: THE WINNER OF
THE FIRST GX TOURNAMENT
IS CHAZZ PRINCETON!
[CHEERING]
HA HA HA!
YEAH! WHO'S THE CHAMP!?
C...
H-A...
Z-Z!
All: THE CHAZZ!
YOU KNOW IT!
NOW CHAZZ IT UP!
All: CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP...
Hassleberry:
LISTEN TO THAT RACKET.
DON'T THOSE PEOPLE KNOW
WHO THE REAL HERO
OF THIS STORY IS!?
IT'S ME.
I DESTROYED THE SATELLITE.
WELL, YEAH...
BUT YOU COULDN'T HAVE
WITHOUT JADEN!
HE'S THE HERO!
FORGIVE ME.
IT'S MY FAULT THAT
THINGS WENT THIS FAR.
I WAS WEAK.
HAD I FOUGHT HARDER,
I COULD HAVE PREVENTED
THE LIGHT FROM
ENDANGERING YOU ALL.
HEY, NO WORRIES!
IF IT WASN'T YOU,
IT WOULDA BEEN
SOMEONE ELSE, RIGHT?
BESIDES, IT ALL
WORKED OUT IN THE END!
YES, THANKS TO YOU.
AND YOU.
ALL OF YOU!
PLEASE.
I HARDLY DID ANYTHING.
BUT THE IMPORTANT THING IS,
WE'RE ALL SAFE,
AND EVERYTHING'S
BACK TO NORMAL!
WELL, ALMOST.
BEFORE SHE VANISHED,
SARINA SAID THAT
WE WOULD "MEET AGAIN."
KNOW WHAT?
I'M SURE THAT
SOMEDAY YOU WILL!
HEY! CAN'T YOU
SEE THE FUTURE?!
WELL...
I'VE LEARNED THAT
THERE ARE SOME
THINGS IN LIFE
THAT JUST
CAN'T BE PREDICTED.
Hassleberry:
WHAT'S WITH THE COPTER!?
Syrus: LOOK, GUYS!
Sartorius: SARINA!
Hassleberry:
I'M A SUCKER
FOR HAPPY ENDINGS.
[SNIFFLES]
Jaden: WELL,
WHAT'S LEFT TO SAY?
Syrus: HOW 'BOUT
YOUR FAMOUS CATCH-PHRASE?
HA!
Syrus and Jaden:
GET YOUR GAME ON!
Hassleberry:
WHAT GAME ARE WE
TALKIN' ABOUT?
Syrus:
YOU'RE RUINING THE MOOD!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪